- You step up to the painting and study it carefully. Immediately, you recognize the work of a [[Wayfarer]]. The lines and colours are too exact, too perfect, too beautiful to be anything but.
- storybook village painting
	- A gently rolling hilltop of lemon-yellow and milky-white wildflowers, fantastically profuse, explodes from the surface of this painting. A large gathering of smiling people in simple clothes of brown and crimson pick the flowers, laughing and smiling: children, parents, aunts, grandmothers, all so richly detailed that you can almost hear them laughing and calling out to each other. The smell of dusty dry pigment somehow suggests the first day of spring, and fresh mountain breezes in a sea-blue sky. Beyond the hilltop a storybook village basks in late morning haze, thatched roofs and cobbles ringed by balding mountaintops, rounded and emerald green.
- space painting
	- A huge translucent sphere hovers in the centre of this painting, miles wide, reflecting in bulbous crescent the golden light of a warm gold and lemon yellow sun. Inside the sphere is a profusion of life: huge, gnarled trees growing in all directions without gravity to guide them; thick, mossy vines wrapped everywhere and stretching like tiny green threads of emerald through moist air; and people dressed in flowing silver-crimson gowns and wide sea-blue wings, gliding between gilded wooden villages high in the branches of the massive trunks. In the distance, more spheres can be seen, floating serenely amidst the jet black backdrop shining with a million milky stars.