- [[Outdoors]] is a region. [[Beachfront]] and Tiderooms and North Island and West Forest and Frozen Hell and East Island and Rain Forest and Marshlands and High Altitude and Narrow Ravine and Volcanic Uplands and Secret Island are regions.
- [[Beachfront]] and Tiderooms and North Island and West Forest and Frozen Hell and Volcanic Uplands and East Island and Rain Forest and Marshlands and High Altitude and Narrow Ravine and Secret Island are in [[Outdoors]]. Rim of Volcano and Chasm Edge and Crater Pond and Atop and Tidepools and Hot Springs and Saddle are in [[Outdoors]].
- [[South Beach]] is south of [[Centre Beach]], northwest of [[Fork]], and northeast of [[Among the Boulders]]. [[Among the Boulders]] is south of [[Ocean Waters]] and northeast of [[Tidepools]]. [[Centre Beach]] is west of [[Hut]]. [[Centre Beach]] is south of [[North Beach]]. [[Hut]] is west of [[Back Room]]. [[North Beach]] is north of [[Centre Beach]]. [[South Beach]], [[Among the Boulders]], [[Centre Beach]], and [[North Beach]] are in [[Beachfront]]. [[Lower Beach]] is in [[Outdoors]].
- [[Ocean Waters]] is west of [[Lower Beach]], southwest of [[Lower Beach]], and northwest of [[Lower Beach]]. [[Lower Beach]] is northwest of [[South Beach]], west of [[Centre Beach]], north of [[Among the Boulders]], and southwest of [[North Beach]]. Inside-Manta is inside from Lower Beach.
- High Altitude is a Region. High Altitude is in Outdoors. Ledge is up from North Marsh. Cliffside is up from Ledge. Lawn is up from Cliffside. Cliffside is down from Lawn. Observatory Exterior is east of Lawn. Ledge, Cliffside, Lawn, and Observatory Exterior are in High Altitude.
- Chairlift-Ride is a region in Outdoors. Chair-lift1, Chair-lift2, and Chair-lift3 are in Chairlift-Ride.
- Marshlands is a region. Marshlands is in Outdoors. West-Marsh is a room. East Marsh is east of West-Marsh. North Marsh is northeast of West-Marsh and north of East Marsh. West-Marsh, East Marsh, and North Marsh are in Marshlands.
- Stumps is a room in North Island. Stumps is north of Rise. Stumps is southwest of West-Marsh. Stumps is southeast of Chairlift Base.
- Rise is northwest of North Beach. Hot Springs is east of Rise. Stumps is north of Rise. Chairlift Base is northwest of Stumps. Rise, Stumps, and Chairlift Base are in North Island.
- Jumble and Chasm Floor and Volcano Floor and Steam Vents and Cinder Cone are in Frozen Hell. Ocean Waters is in Tiderooms.
- Volcano Slopes and Sloping Meadow are in Volcanic Uplands.
- Top of Ravine and Ravine Floor are in Narrow Ravine.
- Fork is west of Sloping Meadow and north of Big Tree. The rope ladder is down from Treehouse and up from Big Tree. Volcano Slopes is south of Big Tree. Rim of Volcano is southeast of Volcano Slopes. Fork and Big Tree and Treehouse are in West Forest.
- Chasm Floor is southeast of Jumble, and northwest of Volcano Floor. Volcano Floor is northwest of Cinder Cone and northeast of Steam Vents. Steam Vents is west of Cinder Cone. Cinder Cone is north of Volcano Cave and outside from Volcano Cave.