- You examine the sketchbook carefully, a beautiful handmade thing, thick paper pressed from some creamy-tan wood, the spiral binding a thin coil of copper-coloured metal. On the cover is a handwritten [[inscription]].
- pages:
	- The first drawing shows a stunning portrait study of two girls, maybe ten or eleven. Long black hair frames unsmiling but beautiful faces, trapped between the carefree whimsy of childhood and some premature pain that strips it away. At first you take them for twins, though subtle differences of appearance suggest otherwise, because of their nearly identical expressions. Though they look out at you and not each other, some bond strong even for sisters connects them, forged perhaps in loss and strengthened by necessity of reliance, each upon the other.
	- A landscape fills the next page, showing the beach outside and the half-constructed [[cabin]] against the [[lava flow]]. [[The two girls]] play in the sand, one building a sand castle while a skittering [[crab]] watches, the other brushing her hair with a comb carved to look like two leaping dolphins. Behind them a tall figure chops branches from a felled tree trunk. While the beach and the girls are sharp and finely detailed, the figure is fuzzy and dark, indistinct, drawn with heavy, crude lines. Though just a small part of the scene, his presence throws the rest of the sketch into some sadder, unsettling mood.
	- This page shows a rough map of the island. The half-circle of the lagoon on the west side, its north end bounded by the rocky lava flow that swoops up to the volcano in the south, are easily recognizable. The chasm running from the break in the volcano's side to the north end of the beach is marked with a danger sign and six tiny colored lines. A plateau filled with dense rain forest fills the island's east side, interrupted by a ravine that divides it from the looming mountain in the northeast.
		- A furious scribbled star marks a point deep within the eastern rain forest, with a crude drawing of a bee alongside it.
	- Angry scribbles nearly obliterate the next sketch, which shows, in incredible detail, one of the [if tree1 is named][[windsigh trees]][otherwise]strange twisted trees[end if], every twist of encircling vines and gap in its sinuous branches carefully rendered. The dark and crudely drawn figure from the earlier sketch lies curled up asleep in its roots, and from his head spring dozens of images rising in curves and whorls, a panoply of dreams and ideas hovering above him, twisting through the branches of the tree.
	- The next pages are filled with inscrutably dense schematics, notes, and calculations, growing smaller and more obtuse by the page until they devolve into meaningless scribbles. One cluster of diagrams centers around blueprints of a three-sided [[pyramid]] structure, connected to some elaborate network of underground machinery.
	- You flip past several blank pages before reaching one last sketch on the notebook's final page, which seems to have been done much later than the others. It shows a man sitting watching the sun set over the ocean, his back turned and face invisible, holding the comb with the two leaping dolphins. The sketch is sloppy, almost careless, but still exudes a palpable sense of sadness and regret.